Added support for BM16S keyboard. (#5659)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/bm16s/readme.md

# bm16s

> A 16 key macropad, with USB C, per-key RGB backlighting, it's a variant of the BM16A, but with low profile cioc switches.

Reviewer: Grammar/spelling corrections.

```suggestion
A 16-key macropad, with USB C and per-key RGB backlighting. This is a variant of the BM16A, but with low profile Choc switches.
```

> A 16 key macropad, with USB C, RGB underglow and backlight, it's a variant of the BM16A, but with low profile cioc switches.

Reviewer: Does this PCB actually support underglow? I can't see any pads for it in the photos on Massdrop. All the LEDs I see are the "in-switch" RGBs.

Author: They're PCB mounted LED's similar to how the ALT and CTRL are done.
![IMG_6733](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/127934/56454137-3e215600-6301-11e9-87c1-afe6fb8dce37.jpeg)

Reviewer: That's in-switch though. Underglow would face the bottom of the PCB and illuminate the case (if it were plastic).

Reviewer 2: RGB Underglow is usually denoted to RGB Light, with strips under the PCB, facing down.   
https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_rgblight

While RGB Matrix is per key RGB LEDs, which is what you have here. 
https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_rgb_matrix

So, if you could please change this, so it may be less confusing for people? (aka, we would like to keep the wording consistent here).

Keyboard Maintainer: QMK Community  
Hardware Supported: The PCBs, controllers supported  

> Hardware Availability: [Massdrop](https://www.massdrop.com/buy/78169)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Hardware Availability: [Massdrop](https://www.massdrop.com/buy/78169)
Hardware Availability: [KPrepublic](https://kprepublic.com/collections/pcb/products/bm16s-16-keys-custom-mechanical-keyboard-pcb-plate-programmed-numpad-layouts-qmk-firmware-with-rgb-switch-leds-choc-switch); [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/bm16s-16-keys-Custom-Mechanical-Keyboard-PCB-plate-programmed-numpad-layouts-qmk-firmware-with-rgb-switch/32999247908.html)
```
